outline.md, before:

# Referral Form - Main component

## First Section - Section component

1.Has person received services from here before?
a. yes / no
i. radio buttons

2.Is the person 18 or older?
a. yes / no
i. radio buttons

## Second Section - Section component

3.Personal Info
a. Name
legal name
preferred name
text field
b. birthday
text fields
c. address
text fields
d. SSN
text fields
e. phone
text fields
f. email
text fields
g. emergency contact
text fields
i. name
text fields
ii. phone
text fields
h. (if under 18)

- guardian info
- name
- etc.

4.Demographics
a. Gender
dropdown
male
female
non-binary
if selected: new text field w/ question "Which pronouns do you prefer?"
b. Race / Ethnicity
text fields
c. Translator needed?
yes / no
radio button

## Third Section - Section component

5.Insurance Info
a. Company
text fields
b. Insurance ID #
text fields
c. Group #
text fields
d. Person whose name insurance is insurance
text fields
i. their personal info
text fields

## Fourth Section - Section component

6.Reason for Referral
larger text field

## Fifth Section - Section component

7.Referrer Info
a. Name
text fields
b. Title
text fields
c. Agency
text fields
d. phone
text fields
e. email
text fields

8.How did you hear about us?
dropdown menu
internet search
internal referral
bob told me
other

> > > Submit

Commit message:

Get redux state setup switched project to yarn from npm

outline.md, after:

# Referral Form - Main component

create each section as it's own form to see how well it works putting that set of info into redux state

## First Section - Section component

1.Has person received services from here before?
a. yes / no
i. radio buttons

2.Is the person 18 or older?
a. yes / no
i. radio buttons

## Second Section - Section component

3.Personal Info
a. Name
legal name
preferred name
text field
b. birthday
text fields
c. address
text fields
d. SSN
text fields
e. phone
text fields
f. email
text fields
g. emergency contact
text fields
i. name
text fields
ii. phone
text fields
h. (if under 18)

- guardian info
- name
- etc.

4.Demographics
a. Gender
dropdown
male
female
non-binary
if selected: new text field w/ question "Which pronouns do you prefer?"
b. Race / Ethnicity
text fields
c. Translator needed?
yes / no
radio button
if yes: which language? (text input)

## Third Section - Section component

5.Insurance Info
a. Company
text fields
b. Insurance ID #
text fields
c. Group #
text fields
d. Person whose name insurance is insurance
text fields
i. their personal info
text fields

## Fourth Section - Section component

6.Reason for Referral
larger text field

## Fifth Section - Section component

7.Referrer Info
a. Name
text fields
b. Title
text fields
c. Agency
text fields
d. phone
text fields
e. email
text fields

8.How did you hear about us?
dropdown menu
internet search
internal referral
bob told me
other

> > > Submit
